("Bloodline")
♪ Eternal the kiss I breathe ♪
♪ Siphon your blood to me ♪
♪ Feel my wounds of your god ♪
♪ Forever reign mortality ♪
♪ I smell of death, I reek of hate ♪
♪ I will live forever ♪
♪ Lost child, pain of death ♪
♪ Bleeding screams of silence ♪
♪ In my veins your eternity ♪
♪ I'll kill you and your dreams tonight ♪
♪ Begin new life ♪
♪ Bleed your death upon me ♪
♪ Let your bloodline feed my youth ♪
♪ First breath born, come
alive, learn to kill ♪
♪ Blood thirst awaits
to feed your hunger ♪
♪ Dark side has no rival,
test your faith in blood ♪
♪ Night hides the hunting
packs, a feeding frenzy ♪
♪ I'll kill you and your dreams tonight ♪
♪ Begin new life ♪
♪ Bleed your death upon me ♪
♪ Let your bloodline feed my youth ♪
♪ I am the first afterlife ♪
♪ Condemned by a single kiss ♪
♪ Betray eternally, I'll
rip inside your soul ♪
♪ Contaminating the world ♪
♪ Defying god and son ♪
♪ Black heart that brings your death ♪
♪ Living in infamy ♪
♪ Take the flesh of life itself ♪
♪ Prepare to reign a thousand years ♪
♪ I'll kill you and your dreams tonight ♪
♪ Begin new life ♪
♪ Bleed your death upon me ♪
♪ Let your bloodline feed my youth ♪
♪ Blame god's chosen children ♪
♪ As you die, I'm immortal ♪
♪ Faithless, no religion ♪
♪ Stalking prey is my confession ♪
♪ Captive blood enslavement ♪
♪ Pain and hunger drives your madness ♪
♪ Drink flesh, life itself ♪
♪ Prepare to reign a thousand years ♪